#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Currently we are developing our next release of MathDoku which will include revision 78 and above. 

The description below will be moved to the [RevisionHistory Revision History] after releasing to Google Play. The list of bug fixes only describe fixes for releases which have been released to Google Play.


= Version 1.96 =

== Enhancements ==
 
 * Screens for all devices have been rewritten to display buttons as big as possible (issue 44). Tablets are now better supported (issue 47, issue 63).
 * Prepared for more easy translation into other languages.
 * The maybe checkbox has been removed. Toggling the input mode (entering a definitive versus a maybe value) is now done by tapping the text "Mode: definitive" or "Mode: maybe" or by tapping the selected cell once more. (issue 42)
 * Improved algortihm for determining the cage operator (issue 29, issue 62).
 * Improved scrolling for stored games.
 * Added undo functionality (issue 22).
 * Improved puzzle generation:
   * Added new shapes for cages
   * Added an option to allow cages with 5 or 6 cells.
 * Changed order of item in the context menu (long click on a cell in the puzzle). Only items that are applicable are shown.
 * In case a game with hidden operators is played, the cage operator can be revealed via the context menu.
 * Hide menu items when not applicable.
 * Cheat information is now stored and made visible again when the game is loaded.
 * The timer is not visible anymore in case the option "Show solution" has been used.
 * Added new option to clear redundant maybe values automatically.
 * Timer does not display hours as long as less than 1 hour is played.
 * Display a message in case a digit is tapped but no cell was selected yet.

== Bugfixes ==
  * Maybe values will always be displayed inside cell (issue 106)
  * Remaining english text in dutch translation have been translated.
  * In case a puzzle is solved, no cell or cage will be displayed as selected (issue 75).
  * Borders of cells and the selected cage are shown correctly and consistently (issue 48, issue 55, issue 58).
  * The solved message will only be shown after a game has been solved.
  * The timer is visible after a puzzle is solved (issue 46).