#summary Logging of usage of MathDoku
#labels Phase-Support

= Why do we log information? =

In version 1.96 of MathDoku we gather data about the way you play MathDoku. We want to know which functions of MathDoku are actually used. This information will be used to decide upon features we will build in upcoming versions.

== What information is collected? ==

We gather information about follwing:
 * The Android version
 * The size of your screen
 * The number of games stored
 * Functions you use

We guarrantee that no personal data is collected.

You can easily view the data collected before actually send the data to our email adddress.

= Sharing data =

== What will happen if I don't want to share my data? ==

Of course we hope and encourage you to share your data with us. But nothing will happen in case you don't want to share. You can still continu to play the game like you did before.

== Why is data send by email? ==

MathDoku has acquired minimal permissions when installed. Therefore the app is not able to send any data without your consent. For easy of use we prepare an email message for you containing an attachment with data collected. This email will no be sent until you click the send button.

We will not use your email address in any way in case you sent us your log file.

= Survey =

== Why am I asked to fill in an survey? ==

We only collect some basic information about the way you use the current version of the app. We have some big plans for the future versions of MathDoku. We want to involve our users in future development.

== Can I share my data but skip the survey? ==

Yes, of course. In case you do not fill in your email address we will not send our survey to you. We will not use the email address you have used to sent us your data.

== When will I receive the survey? ==

At this moment we don't know when the survey will be sent.